---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

Well, it's over.

College, I mean. After 18 years of going to school forever I am now graduating from college, and with no immediate plans for grad school, I think I can finally say: School's out.

I think as far as closure goes, the final presentations in our course did a pretty nice job. They made me think about college itself, and if I'd had to make a presentation of what my time at NYU was like I'd probably cover a lot of the same things. 
1. What were my thoughts coming in
2. How was I able to participate
3. What did I accomplish?
4. What were the best moments
5. What's next?

Of course, we were talking about open source projects, not our lives, but it was still a very nice way to wind down college. I think I really appreciated seeing
the similarities across project experiences: That of coming in blind to a project, having to establish yourself in the community, the benefits of consistently reaching out to core developers.
<!--more-->
I thought the P5 group was particularly impressive because our group tried and immediately gave up on that project. I thought the Godot group was also really cool because they showed how being interested in a project's domain(in this case game design) adds a huge level of purpose to the contributing process. 

As a final note, I just wanted to say that this class was one of the best classes I've been able to take while at NYU. I was really worried going into it because
self-motiviation is probably my worst area of work in school. I am the type of student to procrastinate when I am the one in charge of my work schedule. So I was worried I would fail to accomplish anything in this class. But we did some work I was proud of. And I'm very grateful for that.
Thanks a lot to Joanna and the grader.

