---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


When I think about the term "open source" I think about transparency. Before we started this class, 
i only really thought about it in a technical sense as it relates to software. I.e every piece of code and technology that was used to make a given piece of software is available for anyone to use, copy or modify for any purpose.
<br> <br>
After our discussions and doing some reading, I've come to understand the idea of open source as more of a guideline for developing anything, software or otherise, that's focused on the distribution of the information needed to continously expand and develop the project. I believe that people should be credited for their work, and that a project being open source might overshadow large individual contributions, but I think it is a practical approach to development. 
<br> <br>
I have been in a situation where I have inherited projects that were not well documented, that were done in a very specific way without much thought to how they would be maintained after the people in charge moved on, and it is a pain in the neck.
<!--more-->
<br> <br>
As I am nearing graduation, I am excited at the prospect of contributing to open source projects and creating my own. I struggle with motivating myself to learn outside of a classroom setting, so getting involved in open source seems like a really good way to continue my computer science journey after graduation.
<br> <br>
Definitely the open source project I use most actively that does not have a comprable closed-source alternative is 
[wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org/). One time without thinking I wanted to learn more about wikipedia so I looked up wikipedia and clicked on the wikipedia page for wikipeda. It really hit me then how much I rely on it as a source of information.

Python is another good example because not only is the language open source, but so are the packages that make it so versatile. 
I use python in many personal projects as it is so well maintained. 

Another not-strictly-software open source project I really love is the internet archive. It is a great resource for finding internet assets as well as media. I watched the movie [fritz the cat](https://archive.org/details/fritz-the-cat-1972-hq) on it for free a few weeks ago. 

Finally, an open source project I don't use quite as much as I used to but really appreciate is the magic the gathering online playing software [Cockatrice](https://cockatrice.github.io/). Me and my friends found it during early covid and it allowed us to play a game together free of charge. It makes me very happy to know it is open source.



